Who approves working schedules for staff? - Heads of Departments / Executive Secretaries of Industrial Unions
Who must be kept informed of working schedules? - Human Resource Department
Staff posted to what may be subject to different working hours and they will be informed accordingly? - external organisations
Staff may apply for what during the period of notice or encash the leave balance? - annual leave
What is the salary for staff who did not serve a full month due to resignation? - pro-rated
What type of holidays does NTUC-ARU recognize? - public
How long will a staff lunch break be between 12 pm and 2 pm? - 1 hour
Why may staff be asked to take lunch breaks outside of the hours specified at paragraph 6.1? - operational needs
What can staff apply for to allow them to balance their personal commitments with work responsibilities? - telecommuting
All staff shall treat all members of the public, union officials and members with what? - courtesy
What must all staff observe in their communication to the external public at large and to all forms of media? - proper decorum
What does NTUC-ARU keep up with? - dignity, prestige, and status
What must NTUC-ARU staff not consume during official working hours? - liquor or alcoholic drinks
What shall the staff not do to NTUC's interest, image, and credibility? - disrepute or damage
Who must staff inform if a member leaves his place of work during office hours? - Reporting Officer
What are staff required to do for NTUC-ARU? - dress in a manner that will project a professional image
What is the office attire for male staff? - long/short-sleeved shirts with tailored pants
What type of attire must NTUC-ARU staff wear on Fridays? - smart casual
All staff shall take all possible care to prevent what of NTUC-ARU while such property is under his charge or control? - loss of or damage to any property
What type of hairstyles must be avoided? - Unduly long and unkempt
Colored/tinted hair must only be in shades of what color? - brown
All staff shall take proper care of what? - computers
All staff shall not install what in their computers? - illegal or unauthorized software
All staff are responsible for the custodian and transmission of what? - email
Staff shall not use the internet to access inappropriate sites or violate what laws? - copyright
Staff shall not use the internet to access inappropriate sites or do what? - violate copyright laws
A staff member must treat all official documents and information acquired in the course of his official duties with what? - confidentiality
What must a staff not do during his service? - copy, extract, or translate official documents
What makes a staff liable to disciplinary proceedings? - financially embarrassed
What does a staff member decline at any time from the public or any company? - token of value
The receipt and offer of gratification or gifts as inducement or reward for services rendered or to be rendered by a staff is an offense which - disciplinary action
What shall no staff do without the approval of the NTUC-ARU management? - engage in any trade or business privately
Who must staff submit an application in writing to seek permission? - Human Resource Department
What is the name of the person who can lodge a complaint? - Reporting Officer
What should the complainant request in order to resolve the issue? - a meeting
When will SUN and Human Resource Department discuss a grievance? - as soon as possible
On what day of each month will staff receive the full month salary? - 23rd
What is the Monthly Variable Component? - 10% or 15%
When does NTUC-ARU reduce the MVC? - During an economic downturn
Where can staff access the electronic pay slip? - Infoshare
What may be paid in July and December of the year? - variable bonus
What varies from year to year? - The quantum
How long of continuous service does NTUC-ARU staff have? - 6 months
When is the year-end bonus calculated? - 31 December
When must staff remain in service to be eligible for PB? - 31 March
What quantum depends on staff's endorsed performance rating and salary grade? - PB
When will PB be paid for work done in the preceding year? - March
What recognises staff's job size, competency, and market value? - VARIABLE INCREMENT
What is the period from April to March of the following year? - April to March
What is the VI quantum dependent on? - endorsed performance rating and salary grade
How long of continuous service does NTUC-ARU staff have? - 1 year
What percentage of the time in union-based IR work are eligible for the full allowance? - 50% or more
What is not eligible for IR allowance? - probation
What shall be regulated in accordance with the Employment Act? - Overtime, Rest Day, and Public Holiday
Where are the current salary grades attached? - Appendix I
What are the three components of NTUC-ARU's MediCare Plan? - Inpatient (Hospitalisation) Care, Outpatient Specialist Care, and Outpatient Primary Care
What does EIS stand for? - Enhanced Incomeshield
What is the annual premium for Basic Medishield? - $30
How much will NTUC-ARU contribute to the staff's Medisave account? - $6 per month
Why is a loading of premium imposed on staff? - higher medical risk
NTUC-ARU will bear the increase on the amount to be contributed to both the staff's Medisave and salary accounts up to - 5%
NTUC-ARU will co-pay any increases beyond what amount due to changes in the annual premium? - 5%
How much will NTUC-ARU contribute to the staff's Medisave and/or salary account? - monthly
With whom is a staff allowed to continue with their existing medical insurance plans? - other insurers
What is the cost savings for a staff member under NTUC-ARU's MediCare Plan? - $63.31
What is the name of NTUC Income's plan for outpatient specialist treatment? - i-Medicare
What is the co-payment per visit for i-Medicare? - $15
How often are staff encouraged to go for a full health screening? - once every 2 years
What percentage of the health screening cost will NTUC-ARU co-pay? - 80%
What can staff use for the purposes which NTUC-ARU promotes? - flexible benefit
What is the amount of reimbursement pro-rated according to? - the number of days served in a calendar year
Where can staff make their claims? - HRIS
Staff may claim actual transport reimbursement for what modes of transport when on official journeys? - all
What mode of transport are staff encouraged to take? - most time-efficient
After what time will staff be reimbursed for the journey home? - 9 pm
What are the rates of transport reimbursement at NTUC-ARU? - below
Staff who are required to travel to places that are inaccessible by bus or MRT can be allowed to travel by what? - taxi
What will staff be reimbursed after deducting the usual daily transport expenses incurred between home and office? - taxi fare
Home journey after 9pm is by what type of vehicle? - own car
What does the nature of certain jobs at NTUC-ARU require staff to stay in constant contact via? - handphone
Who recommends that staff stay in constant contact via handphone? - the Head of Department / Executive Secretary of Industrial Union
Staff are required to exercise what in their handphone usage? - due care and discretion
Where is the handphone number posted at NTUC-ARU? - NTUC Directory
What does the nature of certain jobs at NTUC-ARU require staff to do while they are off-site? - access the internet and email
What calls will be reimbursed on actual usage where these costs exceed the monthly allowance? - overseas
What type of leave does a staff go through the exit process? - no-pay
Staff who are in receipt of the broadband allowance will not be eligible for what? - handphone and broadband
What percentage of the time does NTUC-ARU counter duty require? - 75%
What will a full-time counter duty employee receive per month? - $100
On what basis may staff who perform counter duty be paid QCSI? - ad-hoc
How long of continuous service does female staff have at NTUC-ARU prior to childbirth? - 90 days
How much is Personal Accident travel insurance for the full period spent at NTUC-ARU? - $250,000 to $500,000.
How much medical coverage does NTUC-ARU have? - $5,000
What is the death compensation for confirmed staff? - 1 month gross salary for every year of service
What are the temporary passes available for use by NTUC-ARU staff? - OCC Union Corporate Golfing & Social Membership Card and ACC Union Corporate Membership Card
How many days in advance can temporary passes be signed out at NTUC-ARU? - 7 days in advance
What type of loan can a confirmed staff obtain? - interest-free
What percentage of the cost of the computer set is the maximum amount of an interest-free computer loan? - 80%
How long is the maximum amount of a computer loan at NTUC-ARU? - 2 years
How will the loan be repaid? - monthly deduction
What type of leave are staff eligible for per calendar year of service? - annual leave
On what basis will staff who join NTUC-ARU continue to enjoy their existing annual leave entitlement? - personal-to-holder
What can unused leave be done as accumulated leave? - carried forward to the following year
What is required to take a half day of leave at NTUC-ARU? - the approval of the Reporting Officer
How long is a staff required to work on a half day leave? - 4 hours 15 minutes
What happens when a staff resigns? - he will be required to refund all annual leave taken in excess of his earned entitlement
What can a staff do if they are unable to clear their annual leave balance due to exigencies of service? - encash
What happens to a staff who is unable to clear their annual leave balance due to exigencies of service by NTUC-ARU? - termination of service
What will a staff who is retiring from NTUC-ARU be allowed to do? - take all the annual leave due to him immediately before the date of retirement
How many working days in a calendar year is NTUC-ARU entitled to paid Outpatient Medical Leave? - 14
What is the maximum amount of hospitalisation leave a staff may receive? - 60
What is a staff who is certified to be suffering from long term illnesses entitled to? - long term sick leave
How long of continuous service does a staff have at NTUC-ARU? - 12 months
What must a staff have done to be eligible for long term illness leave? - exhausted all the annual and medical leave
What will be excluded from the computation for the award of Annual Wage Supplement, Variable Bonuses, Performance Bonus and Variable Increment? - The period of no-pay leave
Why will NTUC-ARU board out staff? - poor health
How many times can a staff member claim marriage leave? - once
How many weeks of maternity leave can be taken flexibly over a period of 12 months? - 8 weeks
What nationality is a child adopted at NTUC-ARU? - Singaporean
All confirmed married male staff shall be eligible for how many working days paternity leave for their first 4 living children? - 3 working days paternity leave
What does not constitute dismissal without cause? - non-confirmation
How many days of Family Care Leave are staff eligible for per calendar year? - 15
How many days of childcare leave does a staff member have when a child turns 7? - 6
What is not required to do to be eligible for 6 days of childcare leave? - consume all 6 days before the child's 7th birthday on 1 June 2016
How many working days of Eldercare leave can a staff member apply for per calendar year? - 5 working days
How are applications for Family Care Leave submitted? - via the e-Leave System
How many days of unpaid infant care leave is a staff eligible for if he has a child under the age of 2? - 6
What can be taken flexibly or in a continuous block within 12 months from the date of birth of the child? - Adoption leave
How long has the staff worked at NTUC-ARU? - 3 calendar months
What type of leave can be used for the following activities? - Unrecorded
What is the maximum number of working days per year for unrecorded leave? - 14
Who approves unrecorded leave? - Head of Department / Executive Secretary of Industrial Union
What is NTUC-ARU committed to doing? - investing in staff capabilities
What are Behaviors, Knowledge and Skills required for successful performance at work? - Competencies
What are the three areas that NTUC-ARU will develop to meet business and workforce needs? - Developing HR Capabilities, Developing the Business, and Developing the Workforce
What does NTUC-ARU provide for staff to encourage learning and development? - continuous learning opportunities
Who is the NTUC-ARU Training and Development Unit? - The Human Resource Development Unit
What must be submitted with the staff's application for Study Leave? - documentary proof
What is the period of study for Study Leave? - leave
What is not a form of leave? - time-off
What is NTUC-ARU staff encouraged to give and take to ensure flexibility in work arrangements? - time-off-in-lieu
How is time-off-in-lieu given? - time
How many hours can a staff accumulate for time-off-in-lieu? - 80 hours
What is the maximum number of hours of time-off-in-lieu that can be taken per day? - 8 hours
What will be considered an absence for the purposes of leave records? - the time
Where can a staff member use the time-off-in-lieu? - outside office hours
What is the reporting officer's approval required for time-off-in-lieu? - the HR manager
What does a staff member use time-off-in-lieu for? - half day
What will be paid out if not utilized within 6 months? - cash
